This code is class which will be called in the master thread for background (i.e. the thread dealing with the acquisition and positionning of teh motors) 
after each exception serial.serialException another raise is here to prevent the function to continue. An information is send to the GUI to raise a window indicating a communication error 
and to quit the main programm safely (i.e. terminate multiprocessing and multithreading) 

The only class initiate the serial connection and then can send and receive message to and from the arduino :
 
__init__ initiate the connection with arduino and returns error if not connected 

Converter_angle_rotation_turntable_deg_to_dec : will convert the angle from the GUI which is in degree to a value in encoder format (the value will be converted in number of steps for a motor move inside the arduino code because 
it requires to measure the position and it's easier to do it directly on teh arduino than reading the value on the serrial connection) 

Converter_angle_rotation_turntable_dec_to_deg : will convert the value from the encoder format to an angle in degree whihc will be send to the GUI to be printed 

hex_to_float : convert the value send from arduino in hexa decimal format to float with reversing the str 

var_to byte : convert str, int or float variables to a byte signature to be send via pyserial. 
 
send_rotation_turntable : will first convert the angle to reach (!!!not how many degrees the motor will move!!!) send the command and wait for an update of the motor position from the arduino 
until the movement is finished where the value is read one last time 

send_read_position_turntable : clear the input buffer if necessessary request the reading, read input buffer and raise another serial exception if timeout is expired 

Close : Close the connection with the arduino 



BIGGGG WARNINNNG : 
In order to get a timeout the librayr serial is modified and the modification is made on the fie serialutil in the function read_until()
 if timeout is expired it will raise a SerialException instead of a break (don't forget to modify it, when changing of computeur) 

Another big Warning in pyqtgraph the function setMouseMode is not present in the PlotWidgets functions the file PlotItem has to be modified 
in the method from viewBox to add the setMouseMode in the list 
and same thing in the PlotWidget list of functions created to propagate the change. 


The two "functions" performing Calibration and Auto find of attenuator position are based on the same principle. 
First a start signal is emitted from the control class. A first movement is done by the interface thread. At the end of the movement, interface thread send another signal 
saying the movement is finished, the control class performs a measurement (often by asking photodiode data from interface thread). It then compares the measurement to a threshold 
and then decide to send a finished signal and continue the code or to start another movement with another movement signal.  
